well howdy there Internet people let's
bow in so tonight we're going to talk
about drones the drone program and what
we can predict is going to happen in the
future with the drone program because of
recent events the first thing we need to
get out is that the drone is technology
it's not inherently good or evil it is
what it is a drone can bring you your
medicine from Amazon or I can send a
warhead through your bedroom window
while you're asleep it's technology
depends on how it's used even in a
wartime setting there are differences in
how it can be used so how is it being
used today the u.s. casts the drone
program as surgical strikes targeting
command and control synonymous with a
sniper's bullet okay taking out our
position command and control that that's
a good idea
it is the problem is it's not a sniper's
bullet snipers operate under the cliche
motto of one shot one kill
that is not how Jeron works we don't
have a solid study of the entire drone
program because of the secrecy involved
the best we have comes from the drone
papers which were obtained by the
intercept in that they have one solid
data set and it came from operation
haymaker in Afghanistan at the end of
2012 beginning in 2013 what they found
out was about 90% of those people killed
in drone strikes were not the target
does that mean that 90% were innocents
no just means they weren't the target it
is reasonable to assume that some of
that 90%
we're opposition forces that just happen
to be in the orbit of the target at the
time of the strike that's a reasonable
assumption however we also know that the
drone program has hit wedding
processions it has killed American
citizens so we can't assume that it is a
high percentage that were actually
opposition forces that were just in the
wrong place at the wrong time
so let's bump the number up to 50% 50%
of those people killed were either the
target or allied opposition forces still
unacceptable why because insurgency and
terrorism its whole purpose is to get
the opposition government that's the
u.s. to overreact to kill innocents
because that a 1 to 1 ratio for every
opposition fighter we take out there's
the family member of somebody we killed
some innocent that we killed ready to
pick up arms that's how insurgency grows
that is how insurgency grows we know
that this took place in Afghanistan with
a 90 percent collateral rate and that's
pretty terrified because in Afghanistan
we have solid intelligence assets we
have solid intelligence networks the
accuracy of the drone program in
Afghanistan should be higher than it is
in Somalia Yemen Pakistan all of these
places where we don't have these kind of
assets it is very reasonable to believe
that the collateral rates in these
countries and everywhere else the drone
program is active is even higher if you
can imagine higher than 90%
in Pakistan we know that parents have
taken their kids out of school out of
fear of drone strikes I know right now
Americans are like we would never hit a
school you believe that if you want to
but even if you do believe it it doesn't
matter
terrorism is just a PR campaign with
violence if the Pakistanis believe we
would hit a school that's all that
matters that is all that matters that's
all it takes to breed insurgency to
breed terrorism it's a hot topic in the
u.s. today think about all of the things
that have been proposed to stop school
shooters now imagine if it was a foreign
power
what would the proposals be then
that's the reality of the drone program
as it stands it's secret it's
ineffective and it's breeding insurgency
that's the reality how should it be used
the same way all of our other aircraft
are being used if you wouldn't commit a
manned aircraft to the mission with the
exception of surveillance missions
you probably shouldn't commit a drone
now Trump has issued an edict even
further limiting the amount of
information we the public who are paying
for these things can have about how
they're being used we can only assume
from that that the drone program is
going to be ramped up they're not going
to cut off the supply of information if
they plan on you know scaling it back so
we can assume that in the near future
there will be well more deaths and with
less transparency we can assume that the
collateral rates will be even higher
it's not being used as surgical strikes
it's being used as an assassination tool
and a sloppy one at that
these people they don't hate us for our
freedom they don't want to kill us
because of baseball games and hot dogs
they want to kill us because we've made
them fear the sky anyway it's just a
thought I have a good night